                     UPM Enterprise License
                     VERSION 1, July 1, 2024

                    Copyright © 2009 BSG Ltd.

0. Definitions.

  "UPM" refers to Unified Platform Management, a cloud native management software designed, developed and owned by BSG.

  "BSG" refers to BSG company. BSG is the licensor and the entity offering these terms. BSG official site URL: http://bsgchina.com/en/index.html

  “This License” refers to Server Side Public License.

  “Copyright” also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of
  works, such as semiconductor masks.

  “The Program” refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this
  License.  Each licensee is addressed as “you”. “Licensees” and
  “recipients” may be individuals or organizations.

  To “modify” a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work in
  a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an
  exact copy. The resulting work is called a “modified version” of the
  earlier work or a work “based on” the earlier work.

  A “covered work” means either the unmodified Program or a work based on
  the Program.

  To “propagate” a work means to do anything with it that, without
  permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for
  infringement under applicable copyright law, except executing it on a
  computer or modifying a private copy. Propagation includes copying,
  distribution (with or without modification), making available to the
  public, and in some countries other activities as well.

  To “convey” a work means any kind of propagation that enables other
  parties to make or receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through a
  computer network, with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.

  An interactive user interface displays “Appropriate Legal Notices” to the
  extent that it includes a convenient and prominently visible feature that
  (1) displays an appropriate copyright notice, and (2) tells the user that
  there is no warranty for the work (except to the extent that warranties
  are provided), that licensees may convey the work under this License, and
  how to view a copy of this License. If the interface presents a list of
  user commands or options, such as a menu, a prominent item in the list
  meets this criterion.

  1. Source Code.

  The “source code” for a work means the preferred form of the work for
  making modifications to it. “Object code” means any non-source form of a
  work.

  A “Standard Interface” means an interface that either is an official
  standard defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of
  interfaces specified for a particular programming language, one that is
  widely used among developers working in that language.  The “System
  Libraries” of an executable work include anything, other than the work as
  a whole, that (a) is included in the normal form of packaging a Major
  Component, but which is not part of that Major Component, and (b) serves
  only to enable use of the work with that Major Component, or to implement
  a Standard Interface for which an implementation is available to the
  public in source code form. A “Major Component”, in this context, means a
  major essential component (kernel, window system, and so on) of the
  specific operating system (if any) on which the executable work runs, or
  a compiler used to produce the work, or an object code interpreter used
  to run it.

  The “Corresponding Source” for a work in object code form means all the
  source code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable work) run
  the object code and to modify the work, including scripts to control
  those activities. However, it does not include the work's System
  Libraries, or general-purpose tools or generally available free programs
  which are used unmodified in performing those activities but which are
  not part of the work. For example, Corresponding Source includes
  interface definition files associated with source files for the work, and
  the source code for shared libraries and dynamically linked subprograms
  that the work is specifically designed to require, such as by intimate
  data communication or control flow between those subprograms and other
  parts of the work.

  The Corresponding Source need not include anything that users can
  regenerate automatically from other parts of the Corresponding Source.

  The Corresponding Source for a work in source code form is that same work.


2. Acceptance

By using the software, you agree to all of the terms and conditions below.

3. Copyright License

The licensor grants you a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide,
non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use, copy, distribute, make
available, and prepare derivative works of the software, in each case subject to
the limitations and conditions below.

4. Limitations

You may not provide the software to third parties as a hosted or managed
service, where the service provides users with access to any substantial set of
the features or functionality of the software.

You may not move, change, disable, or circumvent the license key functionality
in the software, and you may not remove or obscure any functionality in the
software that is protected by the license key.

You may not alter, remove, or obscure any licensing, copyright, or other notices
of the licensor in the software. Any use of the licensor’s trademarks is subject
to applicable law.

5. Patents

The licensor grants you a license, under any patent claims the licensor can
license, or becomes able to license, to make, have made, use, sell, offer for
sale, import and have imported the software, in each case subject to the
limitations and conditions in this license. This license does not cover any
patent claims that you cause to be infringed by modifications or additions to
the software. If you or your company make any written claim that the software
infringes or contributes to infringement of any patent, your patent license for
the software granted under these terms ends immediately. If your company makes
such a claim, your patent license ends immediately for work on behalf of your
company.

6. Notices

You must ensure that anyone who gets a copy of any part of the software from you
also gets a copy of these terms.

If you modify the software, you must include in any modified copies of the
software prominent notices stating that you have modified the software.

7. No Other Rights

These terms do not imply any licenses other than those expressly granted in
these terms.

8. Termination

If you use the software in violation of these terms, such use is not licensed,
and your licenses will automatically terminate. If the licensor provides you
with a notice of your violation, and you cease all violation of this license no
later than 30 days after you receive that notice, your licenses will be
reinstated retroactively. However, if you violate these terms after such
reinstatement, any additional violation of these terms will cause your licenses
to terminate automatically and permanently.

9. No Liability

As far as the law allows, the software comes as is, without any warranty or
condition, and the licensor will not be liable to you for any damages arising
out of these terms or the use or nature of the software, under any kind of
legal claim.
